Hide version number option (#144)
WOVNio/wovnjava: README.md

_Note that `wovnCacheDisable` and `wovnDebugMode` is only available when debugMode is turned on in your wovnjava configuration._

### 2.12. showVersion

> A flag to disable hide the version number of `X-Wovn-Handler` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A flag to control whether or not to show wovnjava version number in the `X-Wovn-Handler` HTTP response header.
```

> Turn off showVersion by setting the parameter to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hide wovnjava version number from HTTP header by setting `showVersion` to false.
```
